# <font color=Black>Register Additional Node(Opentional)</font>


After additional nodes registering in the Spartan Node Management Contract, you will receive incentives from the NTT economic system. And you can also monitor the status of the node at any time in your Data Center Management System.	

<br/>

## <font color=Black><span id="1">Submit the registration application</span></font>
---

Use your Data Center Management System for node registration, and the management system will call the Spartan node management contract to register your node information on the chain.


> [!Tip|style:flat]
> **Reference: [Submit the registration application](..//5DefaultNodeRegistration/5.md#1) in Default Node Registration.**

<br/>

## <font color=Black><span id="2">Check the email of the Notification of Submission</span></font>
---

You will receive an email letting you know if your application was submitted successfully. If successful, your node will be tested for registration; if it fails, please resubmit the application.


>[What is the Node Registration Test?](../10FAQs/10.md#15)


<br/>

## <font color=Black><span id="3">Check the email of the Notification of Registration Test</span></font>
---

Keep your node in a state of stable connection to the network. If your node fail to pass the test, please check your node and network status, you can submit the application again for another test.



<br/>

## <font color=Black><span id="4">Check your Node Management List and your Node Status</span></font>
---

Now your node information has been written to the chain, and you can find your node in the Node Management List.


> [!Tip|style:flat]
> **Reference: [ Check your Node Management List and your Node Status](../5DefaultNodeRegistration/5.md#4) in Registrer Default Node.**

<br/>

## <font color=Black><span id="5">Check your NTT Balance</span></font>
---
	
Node Establishment Incentive will be sent to your NTT Wallet.

> [!Tip|style:flat]
> **Reference: [Check your NTT Balance](../6GetNTT/6.md#4) in Get NTT.**




<br/>
<br/>
<br/>